Name: Evon Kachline
Date Created: October 24, 2024

---

Program Description: 
This program will tell the user to input a few sentences, display them and then count how many they are.
---

Functions: 
1: Function Name: sentence_check
   Description: Will look over the sentences to make sure they fit the requirements.
   Parameters: It has to start with a capital, it has to have real numbers and letters and it has to end in a sign. 
   Variables: 
	1. check: This will check if what is written is a complete sentence. 
	2. number: This will figure out how many sentence the person wrote. 
	3. sentenceNum: This holds the sentence that the person wrote for this function. 
   Logical Steps:
	1: This function will look over the sentence the person wrote in the main function. 
	2: It will then check how many sentences fit the requirements.
	3: It will then count out how sentences there were.
	4: It will return to the main function with the sentences and the amount it found. 
   Returns: All of the information it gathers will return to the main function for it to display. 

2: Function name: main()
   Description: This will run the functions and will ask the user to input their sentences. 
   Parameters: This will take the information that the user put in and the information from the sentence_check function.
   Variables: 
	1: sentence: This will hold the sentence that the user inputted
   Logical Steps: 
	1: It will tell the user what they need for a full sentence.
	2: It will then ask the user to write some sentences.
	3: It will then give the sentence to the sentence_check function to check if it meets the reqirments 
	4: Once it gets the results it will display them.
    Return: It will return the sentences and number of them that was found in the sentence_check function. 

---

Variables:
1. check: Tell the program what to look for in complete sentences.
2. number: Tell how many sentences there are. 
3. sentenceNum: This holds the sentence that the person wrote for the sentence_check function. 
4: sentence: This will hold the sentence that the user inputted


---

Logical Steps: 
1: The program will tell you what is required for a sentence.
2: It will then ask you to input some sentences.
3: The program will then find out how many of your sentences were correctly written. 
4: It will then display the correctly written ones and how many of them were correct. 
---


---

Link to repository: https://github.com/EvonKachline/COP2373
